[Rustling]
[Man Murmurs]
[Muffled Chatter]
Are we on?
[Phone Rings]
[Woman]
Hello.
When? Thank you.
Yes. I'll tell him.
[Handset Settles In Cradle]
[Voice Quavers]
Sir.
He's gone.
Contact family members.
the various corporate boards...
and business interests.
Yes. sir.
Sir. I...
I am so sorry
for your loss.
[Man On Phone] Am I speakin'
to a Theophilus Hamilton
of Birmingham?
[Man #2]
Sir? Yes. sir.
This is he.
Name's Howard Stevens.
You can call me Red.
I need a lawyer for a few
business ideas I have.
a few still
in the dream stage.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- [Thunder Rumbling]
- [Minister]
Though the skies may weep.
the Bible assures us that
precious in the sight
of the Lord...
is the death of his saints.
I wonder who the old man
negotiated with
for the rain.
Well. it's a sure bet
he's laughin'.
watchin' us get soaked.
Yeah. well.
now it's his turn.
There's not a person here
whose life. in some way.
has not been touched
by Howard "Red" Stevens.
Red often quoted
Malcolm Muggeridge.
saying that. "Every happening.
great or small.
"is a parable by which
God speaks to us.
and the art of life
is to get the message."
May the message of Red Stevens
continue in the hearts
of those he leaves behind.
What are you doing?
You're gonna get all wet.
[Minister] Bill.
[Sighs]
[Clears Throat]
Even though Dad moved
his corporate offices
from Texas many years ago.
for tax reasons.
he always said he wanted
to be buried under Texas soil.
[Engine Revving Loudly]
[Revving]
[Engine Stops]
Is that him?
That's him.
[Thunder Continues]
Mom.
- [Hushed]
You're late.
- For what?
[Scoffs]
[Phone Ringing]
[Chattering]
[Boy]
Give me some of that!
[Bill]
Settle down over there.
Good morning.
Before we start.
I'd like to say
how much Red...
meant to me personally.
As you know.
we started out
as business partners.
and we ended up
as friends.
I am deeply grieved
by his passing.
Yes. well.
that's very nice.
[Clears Throat]
Now. may we proceed?
Red's will
is in his own words.
still. every bit
as legal and binding...
Blah. blah. blah.
"And. so.
my eldest son. Bill.
I leave my company.
Panhandle Oil and Gas."
- Currently worth $600 million.
- [Chattering. Murmuring]
"However. Bill. since you had
zero interest in my company
while I was alive.
"I don't imagine that will
change much after my death.
Therefore. the board
will maintain control."
Excuse me. but my client
would like to explore
all of his options.
Your client
has no more options.
One of those instructions
Mr. Hamilton skipped over...
is Red's desire that each
of you vacate after receiving
your portion of the estate.
- As in. leave the room.
- What the... She can't
talk to me like that.
- Well. do something.
- You can go now. Mr. Stevens.
- What... All right. Fine. Fine.
- [Man] We should really go.
[Bill]
I have never been
so humiliated.
Did you see that old man
talkin' to me that way?
And you guys just sat there
and said absolutely nothin'.
That's it?
- A cow farm?
- A 10.000-acre cow farm.
[Sighs]
Well. what's that worth
anyway?
Ruth. come on.
Come here.
What exactly do we get?
A place for you
to take your mistress.
Come on. Ruth.
Let me explain.
- I want to see everything!
Full disclosure.
- Come on. Jack. Let's go.
- Good day. Mr. Stevens.
- You said you had a strategy!
This is a long way
from over.
You said it was a slam dunk!
- [Shouting Continues]
- "To Sarah. widow of my late son.
Jay Howard Stevens.
"I am truly sorry
for the events of the past.
"Please know that Jay's death
represents the greatest tragedy...
"I have ever experienced.
"I leave you control
of my Myers Park estate
where you now reside...
- "and a managed trust for
expenses as long as you live.
- There we go.
"Since your choice
of male companionship
is vast and varied.
the deed and title for the house
will remain under the control
of my trustees."
[Sucks In Breath]
- Good day. Mr. Hamilton.
- Good day.
It's amazing just how far
the fruit can fall from the tree.
And still roll
a great distance.
Nice of you to show up.
You're in time for nothin'.
Let's go.
[Hamilton]
Jason.
How do you know
my name?
It's my business
to know everyone named
in your grandfather's will.
Let's cut the B.S.. 'cause
I know what he left me...
nothing.
Walk away—
you'll never know. will you?
[Elevator Bell Dings]
- Jason?
- [Elevator Bell Dings]
So. what's in the box?
Your inheritance.
Have a seat.
Does the box or the seal
appear to have been
tampered with in any way?
[Scoffs]
No.
Then therefore
witness this day...
that I am
breaking the seal...
affixed in my presence
by Red himself.
[Chuckles]
Miss Hastings.
Yes. sir.
[Device Beeps]
Are we on?
[Man]
Yes. we are.
Mmm. Well. then.
if you're watching this.
I must be dead.
[Chuckles]
That's a strange concept.
How was my funeral?
Well attended?
I hope it rained.
Hamilton. Miss Hastings.
I hope you're having
a better day than I am.
If you've just been
with my family. I doubt it.
Jason. I made a lot
of mistakes with our family.
but you're the one
I think I hurt the most.
The only way I can
make it up to you
is to not give you anything.
[Scoffs]
I knew it.
What I mean by that is that
I'm not giving you anything
just yet.
So sit back down there.
I've been thinking about this
for a long time.
How can I give you something
and not have it ruin you
like your uncles and aunts?
Even some of their kids.
So I want to give you a gift-
a series of gifts...
leading up to. well.
I wanna call it
"the ultimate gift."
Now. you fail in any way.
it's over.
You get nothing.
And everything you do must be
to Mr. Hamilton's satisfaction.
You might wanna
make friends with him
sooner than later.
This is a voice-activated
Conversay.
It allows two-way communication
between our office and you.
And you can also replay
Red's messages on it
if you need to.
- [Woman] Sir.
- Ah. good.
There's a flight to Houston
tomorrow at 7:00 a.m.
As in morning. 7... 00 a.m.?
Yes. That 7:00 a. M.
- For what?
- You have until then to accept.
- Why do I have to go?
- You'll find out
when you get there.
- This is whacked.
- You might wanna
rethink that.
What could he possibly give me
that he hasn't already
taken away?
Huh? Screw him.
Screw both of you.
[Door Slams]
Well.
♪♪ [Background: Loud Rap]
How was your day?
I'm not sure.
What do you mean?
My grandfather may have
left me something.
Yeah?
I'm just trying
to figure it out.
You mean it's not cash?
I don't know.
Don't know?
If I want to play into
his little power trip.
I gotta go pick it up.
Where?
Texas.
Yech.
You know what?
I'm not going.
Well. aren't you
at least curious?
What if it's... gold?
He ruined my life.
My best revenge
is to just...
ignore him.
Besides.
I've got a trust fund.
Worst-case scenario...
I'll live off my mom.
I don't need his money.
Yeah. but one can always use
some extra walking-around money.
Not if I have
to sell my soul.
But. if you had to.
at least try to get
as much out of him as you can.
My gosh. What if you actually
had to get a job sometime?
[Engine Revs. Brakes Squeal]
- [Engine Stops]
- [Siren Approaching]
[Siren Wails]
Police escort- sorta.
- [Chatter On Police Radio]
- [Sighs]
[Man On P.A.]
Uh. ladies and gentlemen.
from the flight deck.
we have a very full flight
to Houston this morning.
[Continues. Indistinct]
[Steward]
Uh. excuse me. sir.
Can I... Can I see
your boarding pass again?
Thank you.
Yeah. See. this is. uh...
I'm sorry. This is for coach.
Nah. That's impossible.
- No. It's. uh. 32B.
- Well. change it.
We can't- Please.
We can't... No.
Thanks a lot.
We can't change it.
It's a "Q" fare.
You can't upgrade.
- So. can we...
- Do you have any idea
who I am?
I... I know exactly
who you are.
You're the guy in Seat 32B.
Here we go.
[Clicks Tongue]
[Snoring]
[Screeching.
Crying]
[Hastings]
Conversay to Jason Stevens.
- [Beeps]
- [Chuckling]
Hello. Jason.
What is this.
one of those things
Aunt Martha had to wear?
I see you're at the. uh.
Houston airport.
Uh. Baggage Claim.
[Laughing]
You got a problem?
You don't look
like you've worked
a day in your life.
Great.
The Amazing Kreskin.
I'm don't know what
I'm supposed to be doing.
because no one's been...
Hey! Hey!
I'm Gus.
I'm your ride. Get in.
♪♪ [Radio: Traditional Country]
[Male Chorus]
♪ Doo. doo. doo ♪
♪♪ [Whistling Along]
[Woman]
♪ Crazy ♪
♪ I'm crazy for feelin'... ♪
I'm sorry about
your grandfather's passin'.
♪♪ [Continues. Indistinct]
He and I go way back.
He was some man.
He loved to work.
The man just loved
hard work.
Right. Mind if I smoke?
Ah. it's a free country.
[Sighs]
Can you stop
at the next convenience store?
- Convenience store?
- Please.
The last store was
about 50 miles back.
We've been on my property
for the last 30 minutes
or so.
♪ And then someday— ♪♪
Well. seein' as how
you're Red's grandson.
you'll stay
in the main house
with us.
I know it ain't much.
The little lady
just wanted a modest place.
Dinner's in an hour.
Breakfast at 5:00.
[Murmurs]
Uh. Gus?
Aren't you
forgetting something?
I don't think so. Shoot.
- The gift.
- [Laughing]
So this is hell.
♪♪ [Background: "Crazy"]
♪ Crazy ♪
♪ I'm crazy for feelin' ♪
♪ So Ionely ♪
♪ I'm crazy ♪
♪ Crazy for feelin' ♪
[Sighs. Groans]
♪ So blue ♪
♪♪ [Continues]
[Scoffs]
- ♪ I knew ♪
- [Sighs]
♪ You'd love me as long... ♪♪
Hey. city boy.
Breakfast is over.
Don't you have some kind
of gizmo to wake you up?
Beat it.
[Rooster Crowing
In Distance]
[Electricity Bursts]
[Screams. Whimpers]
- Good morning.
- What is your problem?
[Alarm Clock Ringing]
Time to get to work.
The sun'll be up soon.
[TV: Man Speaking Spanish]
Let's go!
Your granddad and I
started out together...
wildcattin' oil wells
down in Louisiana.
Made some money.
We each bought
cattle spreads...
as a hedge against
the oil runnin' out.
Of course.
he really made it.
- Nice to own your own little
piece of Texas. right?
- Right.
Just from there...
eight feet
from the center.
What?
Lunch will be sent
'round about 11:00.
Well. how far
am I supposed to go?
[Chuckles]
Don't worry.
You'll run out of posts
before you run out
of Texas.
I wish I had a dollar
for every fence post
I've ever set.
Matter of fact. I do.
[Mock Chuckle]
[Door Opens. Closes]
[Speaking Spanish]
Hey.
What do you think?
[Truck Door Opens. Closes]
No! Hey!
Aw! Come on. man!
[Girlfriend On Cell Phone]
So. I'm dying to know.
What did you get?
Uh. it's complicated.
but it involves land.
building materials
and slave labor.
They're giving you
a shopping mall?
[Laughing]
Not exactly.
So it must be the land. right?
They're giving that to you?
Uh. land's got a lot
to do with it. yeah.
You don't sound too sure.
Well. whatever it is.
I gotta survive
this geriatric cowboy...
until he gives it to me
or when I get back or...
or when I'm finished.
Finish what?
You know what?
Let me get back
to you. okay?
Jason. what are you...
[Exhales]
So that's it.
[Sighs]
[Man]
♪ You may be an ambassador
to England or France ♪
♪ You may like to gamble
You might like to dance ♪
♪ You may be the heavyweight
champion of the world ♪
♪ You might be a socialite
with a long string of pearls ♪
♪ But you're gonna
have to serve somebody ♪
♪ Yes. indeed
You're gonna have
to serve somebody ♪
- [Whistles]
- [Female Chorus]
♪ Serve somebody ♪
♪ Serve somebody♪
[Grunts]
♪ Yes. you're gonna
have to serve somebody ♪
♪ Serve somebody ♪
♪ Well. it may be the devil
or it may be the Lord ♪
♪ But you're gonna
have to serve somebody ♪
- Yeah.
- ♪ Serve somebody ♪
♪ Well. it may be the devil
and it may be the Lord ♪
♪ But you're gonna
have to serve somebody ♪
[Exhales]
♪ Oh. yeah
Serve somebody♪♪
Let's go.
I'm not done.
Work's never done
on a ranch.
[Men Speaking
Spanish]
All right. Whatever.
[Radio]
♪ Crazy for feelin' ♪
♪ So blue ♪♪
[Airplane Departing]
You know. you do any work
like you just did.
you can do anything.
Now. aren't you
forgettin' something?
- I don't think so. Shoot.
- The gift.
I came here to pick up a gift.
Remember?
[Laughing]
That was the gift?
I do manual labor
for a month.
and you're trying to tell me
it was a favor... to me.
- The gift of work.
- Wow.
- Congratulations.
- Look. Hamilton.
Just tell me what
my total inheritance is.
I'm over this.
Where are you going?
Where is he going?
Can you tell him
to come back. please?
Mr. Hamilton.
- [Door Closes]
- Hey.
Mr. Hamilton. sir.
Please.
I think it's only fair I know
the amount of money we're
dealing with here. Don't you?
I've been gone for a month.
Just tell me...
What do I have to do?
What is it?
Red said.
"a series of gifts."
But let me add
a personal note.
I. too. think
this is a waste of time.
But it will end shortly.
because you are going
to fail.
I expect you to fail
and to fail miserably.
Now. if you do want
to continue.
make an appointment
with Miss Hastings.
Okay. Look.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Mr. Hamilton.
[Sighs]
I've been acting like a moron
about this whole thing.
and I'm sorry.
And now I... I see exactly
what you and Red
have in store for me.
and I think
it's exceedingly beneficial.
So. what's the next gift?
You'll know.
[Engine Revving]
Howdy.
[Door Closes]
Wait! Wait!
That's an $8.000
paint job!
[Shouts]
[Chuckling]
You don't begin to live
until you've lost
everything.
Heck. I've lost everything
three or four times.
It's the perfect place
to start.
Now. for most
of your adult life.
you have been
the life of the party...
and an easy touch
for a lot of weak
hangers-on.
Now let's see who
your real friends are.
[Device Beeps]
I was at your funeral.
and there wasn't
a single person there...
who wasn't on your payroll
or didn't have something
to gain from your death.
What exactly is he
asking me to do?
He wants you to come back
at the end of the month...
with one true friend.
[Laughing]
Thank you.
- And how were
the lobster tails?
- It was fine. thanks.
The lady was enjoying
the Montrachet.
And sir. the Margaux.
I hope it met
your expectations.
It was terrific.
Thank you.
We don't get
too many requests
for the '78.
It's a bit too pricey
for some of our patrons.
I'll just leave this
with you then.
[Sighs]
Caitlin. where do you
see our relationship?
What are you asking me.
Jason Stevens?
Just thinking.
How long have we
been going out?
Uh. an appropriate
amount of time.
Long enough.
See? My thoughts exactly.
I was thinking that maybe
it's time to take us...
more seriously.
Yes?
But there's something
I want to ask you first.
Jason. if you're
talking about a prenup.
isn't that sort of passé?
Well. see. I'm in...
I was thinking...
[Clears Throat]
Excuse me. sir.
The charge card company
declined the charge.
That's impossible.
I don't have a credit limit.
Just run it through again.
It's always our practice
to run it through again.
but they declined.
Okay.
So. I was thinking. um.
well. maybe. it'd be a good time
for me to move in with you.
Uh. you move in with me?
Why? Half my wardrobe's
at your penthouse.
Just for a change of scenery.
Besides. I'm remodeling
my place.
A remodel? But...
Who's your designer?
I know everyone in town.
I should've said
I'm beginning to remodel.
I've only really started
with the demolition.
I'm sorry. sir.
Your bank is on the line.
They'd really like
to speak with you.
I must insist.
Look. guys. I'm having
a little bit of a setback.
It's nothing
that can't be fixed.
All right?
[Sighs]
[No Audible Dialogue]
Sweetie. I'm switching
accounts right now.
and I'm...
temporarily out of money.
Is there a way
you could pay for this?
[Breath Quavers]
Jason. you're. um...
You're. uh.
asking me
to pay the bill?
- It's...
- [Sniffles]
[Sighs]
♪♪ [Blues]
You owe me.
[Sputtering]
What?
Yo. dude. I'm rollin' over.
What do you mean
I can't?
I have been there for you
countless times.
You owe me. That's it.
Bottom line.
Who was the one
who loaned you
10 grand last year?
I could come up
with a better excuse
when I was 12 years old.
All I need is a place to sleep.
I don't get what the problem is.
You can let me
spend the night
one night. Hello?
[Man: Recorded Message]
Sorry. Your service
has been disconnected.
Can I help you?
Yeah. shut up.
No. Nothing. thanks.
[Man]
♪ Thrill is gone ♪
[Knocking]
♪ The thrill is gone away♪
[Gasps]
Jason.
Um... Uh.
what a surprise.
Mom. you're never
gonna believe this.
I'm afraid I can't let you in.
I'm having a bit
of a situation.
I need some help.
I need to borrow some money.
Of course you do.
Everyone needs money.
[Clears Throat]
Uh... [Sighs]
Didn't your grandfather
leave you anything?
What are you talking about?
He hated me.
Jason. he did not.
He didn't come around much.
but. uh. I always thought
it was because of me.
It doesn't matter.
Do you have any extra
spending cash?
I would love
to help you.
But I can't.
You can't?
They told me specifically
that you would be
comin' around for money...
and that I was not
to give you anything.
But I'm your son. Mom.
That's what you're
supposed to do.
If I violate
their instructions.
I am out everything...
everything.
So for the sake
of the greater good.
I must insist
that you leave.
I'm not gonna upset
the whole applecart...
just because you're facing
a few challenges.
I'm sorry. I just
cannot help you.
Thanks.
[Sighs]
[Yelping]
Ow!
[Can Clattering]
Hey. man. You're...
You're on my bench.
Beat it.
A simple "no"
would have sufficed.
Fine. No.
- No. what?
- No. you cannot
sit on this bench.
This is not your bench.
This is a city bench.
Go sit on another bench.
But it's my bench.
I've gotjust as much
right to it as anybody.
- It's a free country. you know.
- [Laughs]
See. that's where
you're wrong.
Name one thing
in this country
that's for free.
You need money for everything.
Without money. you're nothing.
Look at you.
No money. No food.
No family. No friends.
Nothing.
Besides. I'm sitting
on this bench now.
This is my bench.
Okay?
I'll flip you for it.
Fine.
- [Murmurs]
- [Sighs]
I have a quarter.
Thanks.
[Scoffs]
Oh.
Well. aren't you gonna
chase him for it?
Beat it. kid.
I've been watching you.
You're not a real bum.
We saw you at a funeral.
Quite the entrance.
- What were you doing at...
- My mother and I come here
for lunch every day.
Except. right now.
she doesn't know
where I am.
- [Woman In Distance]
Emily!
- [Sighs] Whatever.
Oh! Emily.
- You must really
be having a bad life.
- Come on. Right now.
I was just having
a pleasant conversation
with this gentleman.
- Leave us alone. please.
- Dear. don't be ridiculous.
Sorry to disturb you. Come on.
That's okay. I'm not the one
who's disturbed.
Some friend you are.
Thanks a lot. poser.
You know what I've said
about talking to strangers.
- He's not a real bum.
- Hey. Whoa. whoa.
Wait. wait. wait.
Okay. this is gonna sound
really. really strange.
but I'm just gonna
come out and say it.
I'll make a deal with you.
I need a friend.
But only for a little while.
and. uh.
in return. I don't know.
I'll take you both
to Disney World.
- Excuse me?
- [Sighs]
- I need a friend.
- Explain yourself.
- It's complicated.
- No. it's not.
It's pathetic.
Come on.
Now. just because...
Mom. I told you.
He's not a real bum.
Okay.
Oh. dude. come on.
♪ Thrill is gone ♪
[Growling. Barking]
♪ The thrill is gone away♪
[No Audible Dialogue]
♪ The thrill is gone. baby ♪
- [Chatter On Walkie-Talkie]
- ♪ The thrill is gone away ♪
She doesn't even like
Châteauneuf-du-Pape.
♪ You know you done me wrong
baby ♪
- ♪ And you'll be sorry
some day ♪♪
- Thank you.
Miss Hastings.
bring me the Stevens file.
Looks like our boy's
not even gonna make it
through round two.
But. sir.
doesn't he have until
the end of today?
Well. from what I hear.
he could have another month
and still get the same result.
Yes. sir.
So. what do you think?
Is this a good spot?
Yeah. perfect.
You can see everything
under the perfect tree.
- Hey! Hey! Give that back!
- I'm sorry. ma'am.
I'm just hungry.
- Sir. you need to step back.
- Don't you have a sandwich?
- You need to step back.
- [Giel] Leave her alone.
Get back! Get back!
I've got 911 all dialed in.
All I have to do
is press "Send."
Sweetheart. get back.
- Ow! No!
- Hey! Hey!
Leave 'em alone.
Hoo. hoo. hoo. hoo!
Whoo! Yeah.
My bench.
Mwah!
- So. you have a bet
with a dead guy?
- Mm-hmm.
- Cool.
- Emily. Be polite.
Wait. How can you
have a bet with a...
deceased person?
See. that's the part
that's complicated.
So you come up
with a friend.
What do you get if we
go along with this?
- Emily.
- No. it's okay.
I don't know.
Something about
an ultimate gift or something.
But you're not sure
what that is.
Yeah. that about
sums it up.
So what do we get
if we agree to do this?
- We need money. How much
are you willing to pay?
- Emily!
I'm sorry. You're gonna
have to excuse my daughter.
Sometimes she tends to be
a little outspoken.
I can't promise you anything.
Now. that's better.
But what if
we really did...
become friends?
[Slurping]
- Emily. it's not polite...
- Shh.
[Slurping Continues]
- So you're Jason's friend?
- Yes. I am.
True friend?
Absolutely.
Pinky promise.
So. how long have you
known Mr. Stevens?
We go way back.
We're like this.
Now. where do I sign?
And. uh.
he hasn't promised you
any compensation
for this friendship?
Look at him.
Does he look like
he has anything to offer?
So. uh.
you expect this friendship
to continue?
I plan on knowing Jason
for the rest of my life.
Tomorrow... lunch at noon.
our usual spot in the park.
Sure.
Just a minute. pal!
You owe me.
Emily. Wait.
[Jason]
They go back a long way.
don't they?
There was a time
when Mr. Hamilton
was quite ill...
and needed
a kidney transplant.
Your grandfather
went out of his way
to help him find a donor.
You could even say. I think.
that Mr. Hamilton's
alive today...
because of Red Stevens.
Um.
In the. um. basement
of this building.
there's a small apartment
for a custodian.
It isn't being used right now.
Perhaps you'd. um. like
to take a look at it?
Thank you.
Jason. you have
no concept whatsoever
of the value of money.
Money has always
been available to you.
like the air you breathe.
I tell you. let's. uh.
review some highlights
of your recent past.
A $25.000-per-night suite
in Paris...
with a personal chef
whom you tipped heavily.
Toured the Bordeaux region
in chauffeured hot-air balloons.
That was amazing.
A week of heli-skiing
in Saint Moritz.
A small fleet of exotic cars.
The latest in everything.
including women.
But the past is the past.
and I figure
you've probably had
a pretty tough month.
Well. it's about time.
Thank you very much.
And if I ever
see you two again.
it'll be too soon.
[Elevator Bell Dings]
[Door Opens]
[Red]
Well. seeing how you've never
held one of those before.
let me explain what it is.
That's a paycheck.
That's for what you earned
at Gus's ranch.
Of course. the I. R. S.
Ravaged it first.
I hate those guys.
In your pocket
every step of the way.
You start out in business.
and then you have
to make a payroll.
And just when you think
you're gonna make a...
[Man]
Mr. Stevens. this is
the "Gift of Money." please.
Yeah. all right. Sorry.
Look at me.
I'm carrying on
about death and taxes
even after I'm dead.
Now. you have to take
that money and... as much
as you need it yourself-
spend it on someone
experiencing a real problem.
What can they teach you?
Put yourself
in their shoes.
Jason. would you like us
to cash it for you?
Please.
I think we know you
well enough...
that we won't need
any I. D.
How will you know
how I spent it?
[Chuckles]
We'll know.
Hey.
I didn't
take anything.
Nothin'. Nothin'.
Oh. no.
[Groans]
Great.
Naturally.
A young blonde woman
and her little girl.
Just down the hall.
Thanks.
[Man On P.A.]
Paging Dr. Howard.
Dr. Howard.
Paging Dr. Kline.
Dr. Kline.
Paging Dr. Howard.
[Device Beeping]
What are you doing here?
You saw her.
Yeah.
Did you talk to her?
So. what's wrong with her?
That depends.
On what?
On who you really are.
Maybe I can help you.
Emily has leukemia.
We thought
she was in remission after
her bone marrow transplant.
but a couple
of weeks ago...
[Exhales]
Her body started
to reject the transplant.
I'm sorry.
Uh. hey.
Uh. well. you gotta
need money. right?
Oh. so that's it.
You won your bet
with your rich grandfather.
You're back off the streets.
Congratulations.
What is it now?
Uh. I do have
to give away some money.
You're getting less mysterious
by the minute.
I bet you're gonna get
to the end of your game.
collect your cash...
and just ride off
into the sunset.
I don't know. Maybe.
But. Alexia. if I can help you.
why won't you just let me?
Because no... rich kid
is gonna use me
or my daughter...
to play a game.
[Chattering]
She owes $1.600
in back rent. Pay it.
You're a hundred dollars short.
Your check was for 1.500.
Tell Hamilton
I'm good for it.
Just pay that bill.
- Your other hundred.
- [Murmurs]
Well. push "Play."
Our lives should be lived
not avoiding problems.
but welcoming them
as challenges
that will strengthen us...
so that we can be
victorious in the future.
So. now that I've given you
the gift of work and friends
and the value of money.
let's discover
the gift of family.
Now this is a tough one.
but see if it's even
remotely possible...
to get something positive
out of our family.
See if they truly know
how to count their blessings.
If my doctors
are remotely accurate.
this assignment might even
fall on Thanksgiving.
[Chuckles]
How appropriate.
He's joking. right?
[Man On P.A.]
Dr. Allen.
you're wanted in O.B.
Dr. Allen. please report
to Obstetrics.
- Hey. where's the girl?
- Who. Emily?
She's with God.
Oh. there's my best friend.
Listen. about the other day...
So. now you know
all about me.
No more mysteries.
Look. I'm really sorry.
Shut up.
Don't be pathetic.
I wonder if he takes
advance orders.
For what?
For my place.
You know. up there.
What do you think
it's gonna be like?
Butterflies.
Lots of butterflies.
Did you know. God...
paints every color
on a butterfly
with his fingers.
I didn't know
you thought about
stuff like that.
I think about dying.
There's something
basically unfair
about a person dying.
[Crying]
I even hate the idea.
You know. I. uh...
I don't know much
about God or-
or Jesus.
But I can promise you
that those arms
are meant for you.
What's gonna happen
to my mom?
I really don't hate her.
you know.
[Crying. Sniffling]
[Sniffles]
Did I mention...
I wouldn't be upset
if you kissed her?
Do you think
your mom and I...
Okay. It's official.
You are the slowest person
I have ever met.
[Chuckles]
You two were made
for each other.
I knew that
back in the park.
- In the park.
I looked like a bum.
- Let's not be delusional.
You were a bum.
So. what are you doing
for Thanksgiving?
Mrs. Drummond?
Yes.
I want to send Emily's
charts and blood work
off to a specialist...
see whether or not
she's a candidate
for another transplant.
Oh. Uh. will that give her
a better chance than chemo?
Unfortunately.
chemotherapy isn't
going to be enough.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
[Crying]
[No Audible Dialogue]
So when I found out
I was pregnant.
he was getting ready
to leave for college and. uh.
didn't want anything
to get in his way.
And Emily... she's...
She's the best decision
I ever made.
So. apparently.
someone came by
and covered my back rent.
Was it you?
Thank you.
[Sniffles]
I have a question for you.
and I hope I'm not being
out of line here.
I was wondering if you'd like
to join me for Thanksgiving.
Oh. Um. thanks.
That's nice of you to ask.
but I can't.
Um. obviously. Emily
needs me here. so...
But thanks.
Well. it's too bad.
because you're missing out...
on a splendid example
of a way-too-wealthy American...
dysfunctional thing.
- It's... Yeah.
- Oh.
You know. I have
the strangest feeling
I might have enjoyed it.
What are you
thinking about?
Nothin'.
You're thinking
about Jason.
[Clears Throat]
Yeah. He's weird.
isn't he?
He's a good weird.
You know. he.
uh. invited me...
over to Thanksgiving
with his family.
Oh. really?
Yeah. Of course. I told him.
"Whatever. loser."
[Both Chuckle]
I think you should go.
Absolutely not.
I wouldn't dream of missing
Thanksgiving with you.
[Jason]
So why'd
you decide to come?
My daughter banished me.
[Chuckles]
Oh.
So I have you by decree.
Mmm. knowing Emily...
by design.
[Nurse]
Mission accomplished.
Two completely
opposite people.
who wouldn't have had
a chance without me.
destined to make
each other miserable.
You okay. Jason?
Oh. Don't tell me
you've never been
on a bus before.
[Engine Chugging]
[Sighs]
Wow.
[Chattering]
Brace yourself.
Jason. seriously.
I'm willing to bet that they are
perfectly normal people.
Oh. yeah? How much?
♪♪ [Background: Harp]
[All Chattering]
- ♪♪ [Continues]
- This is nice.
Thank you.
You know. I had my firm
do an informal audit-
just the financials
of the publicly held side.
And there's still
several hundred million
floatin' around.
[Jack]
Well. you knew him
better than I.
Most of those companies
were privately held.
[Bill]
Maybe we should check into
some of his favorite charities.
They do have to report
large contributions.
That's a great idea.
Daddy always was a sucker
for a begging hand.
Hmm. Unfortunately.
you're right.
And what sort of business
does your family
come from. Alexia?
Um. health care.
Oh. how wonderful.
Well. we have a wing
in the hospital downtown.
A couple of wings. I think.
Or is it
a couple of hospitals?
[Laughing]
I always forget.
My daughter
is receiving great care
thanks to your father.
[Bill]
Great sector... health care.
Little flat in the third quarter.
but poised to rocket.
[Laughs]
Okay. I'd like
to propose a toast.
- [Tapping On Glass]
- [Bill]
Yes. To each other.
For suffering through a year
of great adjustment.
[Jack]
Uh. excuse me.
Does anyone else seem to notice
it smells a little like...
[Sniffs]
Cowhide in here?
And how are those
sin stocks of yours
doing. Jack?
What's wrong with a little
investment in alcohol.
tobacco and firearms?
- Over the stench of oil?
- [Bill] And what's wrong
with oil. thank you very much?
My money's just as
green in Manhattan
as anywhere else.
So. who does get
the rest of the estate?
Sarah?
Well. I don't know
anything about that.
Well. you were
the last one in there.
No. I wasn't.
Well. that's just
ridiculous. darling.
When we left. you were
the only one there.
Well. Jason was also there.
- Ah. Jason.
- [Jack]
Do enlighten us. Jason.
You certainly could not
have been the one...
that received the bulk
of Red's estate.
- [Ruth] Or are you?
- Is that why you insisted we
get together for Thanksgiving...
so you could reveal
your newly enhanced
trust fund to us?
It's Thanksgiving.
I was hoping maybe we could
all go around the table...
and each say something
that we're most thankful for.
[Others Laughing]
Are you on crack.
Jason?
Again?
[Laughing]
Well. here's a thanks.
We don't have to put up
with Dad's endless litany
of clichéd quotes this season.
Or hand-spun.
cornpone wisdom.
Hear! Hear!
♪♪ [Stops]
Who is that?
I think he works
down at the video store.
Well. Jason will tell you
all you need to know about this man.
this... dearly departed.
I mean. he more
than anyone here...
has a bone to pick
with the late.
great Red Stevens.
[Red]
Jason. I can only imagine
what you've just been through.
- I could never get them to be
thankful for anything either.
- [Boy] What have you got?
- Hey!
- [Bill]
What in the world is that?
- All right. give it back.
- [Boy] Pass it to me.
Come on.
- Give it back!
- [Red Continues]
...and if you do succeed.
- Here. Take it!
- You'll be one step closer
to all I have for you.
What's "all I have for you"?
It's between him and me.
It's none of your business.
It has everything to do with us.
It's our money!
So he's making you work
for your inheritance?
Not anymore. 'cause I don't
think I could ever win
at this one.
Alexia. let's go.
- Jason. Wait. Wait!
- Don't!
Just tell them
what they want to hear.
I don't have
to tell them anything.
Jason. you're gonna hear
from my attorney
Monday morning.
Yeah. Ditto.
Shut up. Jack.
You're all pathetic.
Wait.
Jason. slow down.
I put up with that for years.
I was a part of that.
What happened
to your dad?
He's dead. What else
do you want to know?
How'd he die?
The only person
who really knows
just took it to his grave.
Jason. there's something
I always want you
to remember. okay?
When I met you.
you were a homeless person.
And you made friends
with my daughter.
We shared peanut butter-
and-jelly sandwiches.
All this without me knowing
anything about your background.
Yeah. well. the problem is.
that's me back there.
Yeah. but you can
walk away from all that.
You already have.
I appreciate
what you're saying.
but money changes things.
It gets you stuff.
It's a... It's a way
to live life worry free.
- Money takes away the worry.
- Yeah. I saw what money can do.
And your worries...
or whatever
you want to call them...
they're not
life or death. Jason.
Okay. I'm sorry.
but my getting my inheritance
is a matter of life or death.
And I know
when I say that. I sound
like I'm being a Stevens.
and being a Stevens
is all about money.
But it's not. It's more.
[Siren Wailing In Distance]
So. I'll pay you back
as soon as possible.
What?
Uh. the money I owe you...
the 1.600.
Happy Thanksgiving.
[Sighs]
Marietta Ruby.
From the time I met her
in the seventh grade.
that was my sweetheart.
She didn't
make it easy though.
Took me all the way
till the eighth grade
to catch up with her.
[Chuckles]
She's beautiful.
Yeah.
She passed away
shortly after we were married.
I'm really sorry.
The greatest gift
she gave me...
was the will to move on.
to overcome.
You know. I may have
met someone myself.
Then cherish her.
And become
the man she deserves.
Have a seat.
Now. as I said.
I had a feeling
you were gonna stop by.
That university you attended...
What was it rated? Number three?
Number-three party school
in the country.
Do... Do you truly
know how to learn?
Jason. any process
worth going through...
will get tougher
before it gets easier.
That's what makes
learning a gift.
even if pain is your teacher.
No. There's no way.
Anywhere but there.
I know what he's trying to do.
and it's not gonna work.
He can take his millions
to his grave. I don't care.
What he's trying to do
is for your benefit.
not your destruction.
You know. Hamilton.
you sound just like him.
But guess what.
You're not him.
I don't know. son.
I do have one of his kidneys.
[Emily]
He's been out there
for hours.
[Alexia]
Yep. He's got some
big decisions to make.
Do you think he'll
come in or go home?
He doesn't have a home.
[Emily]
You're right!
She hates you!
- I know.
- Then why are you here?
I have to leave the country
for a while.
I'm reluctant to go because
of what I'm leaving behind.
What are you leaving behind?
Then you have to go.
Now get out of here.
You screwed up big time.
you know!
I had to eat a rubber hospital
turkey for Thanksgiving!
You better be back
by Christmas!
[Children Laughing]
[Bleating]
[Scoffs]
Even down here. you put
your name on everything.
Welcome! Oh. welcome!
Jason Stevens.
Oh! Oh!
So good to meet you.
I'm Bella.
Hi.
May I be the first to show you
inside the library
your grandfather built?
Yeah. sure.
Oh. good. good.
Where are all the books?
Oh.
[Chuckles]
You joke.
W-With the people.
Is it not like that
in the great libraries
de Los Estados Unidos?
Villagers wait for books.
You bring them new books.
They are waiting for you
to pick up old books.
Exchange. Library. ¿ Sí?
[Exhales]
So basically.
I'm in a third world country...
at a backwards library
with no books.
And the books that are here.
I can't even read.
[Book Closes]
Great.
Mmm.
This I found
when I was cleaning his desk.
once I heard
of Red's passing.
I thought maybe you
would like to keep.
When you sent this to him.
he proudly showed it
to all of us.
Then the tragedy.
It broke his heart.
[Young Jason's Voice]
Dear Grandpa.
How's Ecuador?
I miss you and Dad so much.
You know. my birthday's
coming up. and I was thinking.
instead of giving me gifts
this year.
could you take me
on one of your trips?
I promise I won't
cause any trouble.
I just want to see you
and Dad again soon.
Write back. please.
Love. Jason.
[Thunder Rumbling]
[Chattering In Spanish]
Hola.
[Children Laughing]
Un momento. por favor.
You look
just like your father.
I was here
the night he died.
It happened up on that mountain.
didn't it?
Take me there.
You cannot go.
It is now the province
of the drug lords.
You don't understand.
I'll pay you.
Well. someday.
I understand perfectly.
But. señor. I only have
one life.
You're just bargaining now.
aren't you?
Señor Stevens.
you do not want to pay
the price it would take.
No one
who goes there returns.
[Children Shouting]
[Footsteps Approaching]
[Speaking Spanish]
Our guest of honor.
Mr. Jason Stevens!
[Crowd Cheering. Applauding]
♪♪ [Marimba]
♪♪ [Drum Joins In]
Oh.
Gracias.
[Chuckles]
I'm afraid to ask.
Oh. you will love it.
It's so rare we catch one.
- The chief is going to talk.
- Oh.
♪♪ [Ends]
[Speaking Spanish]
He says we are here
to celebrate you...
and those who keep
the Jay Stevens Library alive.
[All Cheering]
Oh. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
No. No. No. no. no.
He must be mistaken.
My grandfather
was very generous.
Everything's named after him.
No. it is the Jay Stevens
Memorial Library.
[Speaking Spanish]
[Laughs.
Speaking Spanish]
[Crowd Cheering. Applauding]
To my father.
- Salud.
♪♪ [Drumming]
♪♪ [Singing In Native Language]
- [Speaking Spanish]
- Have some more.
- Salud.
[Man]
¡ Salud!
Salud.
[Laughing]
[Laughing Continues]
[Goat Bleating]
[Thunder Rumbling]
You cannot hope
to find it without me.
How'd you know I'd go?
You are a Stevens.
are you not?
I thought you said
you couldn't take me.
My purpose in coming to you
was a promise I made
to Señor Red...
that you could
learn the truth.
He had one desire
and one desire alone...
to ask your forgiveness.
[Man]
He said one day
you would come.
Only then you could
learn the truth.
Stop! Stop the jeep.
[Thunder Rumbling]
[Sniffling]
[Sniffles]
He had learned of a village
in the next valley...
that had a plague and needed
medical supplies.
But he never understood
why Red forbid him to go.
There was no plague.
There was no village.
What?
Red wanted to introduce
your father to the oil business.
But your father...
was restless and bored.
- No. No.
- He snuck away. He ran away...
and took a plane he had
no business taking.
No.
This is what Red wanted
to protect you from. Till now.
There can be no blame
for what happened here.
The penalty for
your father's impulsiveness.
unfortunately. was a life...
[Thunder Rumbling]
His.
¿Americano?
[Speaking Spanish]
- [Thunderclap]
- [Men Shout In Spanish]
Ow.
[Gasping]
[Man Shouting In Spanish]
[Men Laughing]
[Laughing Continues]
[Coughing. Retching]
[Paper Rustling]
[Reading In Spanish]
[Man]
"It was the best of times.
it was the worst of times.
"it was the age of wisdom.
it was the age
of foolishness."
Can't you find him?
We think that
he went searching
for the crash site.
which is in lawless territory.
I'm sorry. Crash site?
Where his father died.
Well. I mean. is...
is he in any danger?
I'm so sorry.
[Reading In Spanish]
[Man]
"Neither love. nor hate thy life;
"but what thou livest. live well.
however long or short
may the heavens permit."
Tell me about my father.
In many ways.
he was very similar to you...
restless. rebellious. angry.
I think Red
saw something in him...
that he didn't see
in his other sons...
a fire.
The same fire
he sees in you.
I still don't forgive you.
[Door Opens]
[Men Shouting In Spanish]
[Shouting Continues]
[Men Laughing]
[Blows Landing]
[Man Groaning]
[Man Shouts In Spanish]
Amigo? Amigo. are you here?
- [Man Shouts In Spanish]
- [Gasping]
No. no. no! No! No. no!
Please. no! I can...
I can pay you!
- I have money! Please!
- [Shouts In Spanish]
- Oh. God! God! Does anyone
understand what I'm saying?
- [Gunshot]
[Gasping]
[Speaking Spanish]
[All Laugh]
[Sobbing]
[Laughter Continues]
[Groans]
[Men Chattering In Spanish]
[Speaking Spanish]
[Men Shouting In Spanish]
[Grunts]
[Man Mumbling In Spanish]
[Man Grunts]
[Body Thuds]
"Mueren." "Mueren."
Muerte.
Death.
[Snoring]
[Panting]
Hey. Hey.
Hey. Shh.
[Jason]
Can you walk?
[Fly Buzzing]
Save yourself.
Not on your life.
Come on.
[Grunting]
[Men Shouting In Distance]
[Gunfire In Distance]
Come on.
[Gunfire]
Hey. Oh. Mmm.
What are you
doing here?
I was scared to death.
Where's Emily?
Um. she's resting.
She'll see you tomorrow.
You guys have
a good Christmas?
We didn't have one.
How could we?
You know what?
We're gonna have
a fantastic one next year.
I promise.
We won't have a next year.
[Man]
♪ They tell you where
you need to go ♪
♪ They tell you when
you need to leave ♪
♪ They tell you what
you need to know ♪
♪ Tell you who
you need to be ♪
♪ But everything
inside you knows ♪
♪ There's more than
what you've heard ♪
♪ There's so much more
than empty conversations ♪
♪ Filled with empty words ♪
♪ And you're on fire... ♪♪
[Red's Voice] The events
of that day play in my mind
over and over and over again.
I'm so sorry.
If your father hadn't died
while working for me...
Please give me
a chance to explain.
Ever since that day. my life
has been filled with grief.
It is apparent that you
will never forgive me.
I do not blame you for this.
It's also something
that I cannot do for myself.
I loved your father
so much.
A parent should never have
a child precede them in death.
It is the most painful
experience imaginable.
Uh.
that's enough for today.
gentlemen.
Welcome back. stranger.
Hey.
Ta-da.
Here.
Wow.
An "airport gift shop" gift.
How thoughtful.
[Chuckles]
Does it come
with needles?
[Chuckling]
Uh...
Yeah. you can kiss me.
even though you're a guy.
I missed you too.
Whatever.
Let's cut to the chase.
You really blew it
with us this Christmas.
I was unavoidably detained.
Okay. yeah.
I want Christmas.
I want to ride a horse.
Oh. I got. like. a week or two
left with this other thing.
but. um. let me make a call
and we'll see...
Jason.
Now.
Okay.
That works for me.
Excuse me. sir.
It's Jason on line two.
Oh. uh.
will you all excuse me?
I have to take this call.
[Phone Beeps]
Go ahead. Jason.
[Jason]
Mr. Hamilton. look. One way
or another. this is over.
Either I was in South America
way too long.
or I missed the deadline
or whatever.
but what I'm about to do
is way more important.
And I know you have no reason
whatsoever to trust me.
but I need to borrow
my grandfather's jet.
And I need it now.
I want to take Alexia
and Emily to Gus's ranch
for a late Christmas.
Jason. do you know
what you're doing?
Look. I have no control...
Uh. what. um. Mr. Hamilton
was saying was that. uh.
he'll be sending along
Red's next gift on your
Conversay.
You have your bags
packed within the hour.
and. uh. he will
have the jet fueled...
and ready to go.
[Jason] Thank you.
This means so much to me.
And. Hamilton.
I promise I'm gonna take back
all those nasty thoughts about
you being the Grinch.
Thanks again.
Merry Christmas.
[Exhales]
[Emily. Jason. Alexia]
♪ Jingle bells. jingle bells
Jingle all the way♪
♪ Oh. what fun it is to ride
in a one-horse open sleigh
Hey♪♪
Hey. Gus!
What is this?
Snow in Texas?
Had it trucked in.
Ho. ho. ho!
All right. Hector.
hit it!
[Gasps]
- [Chuckling]
- [Gasps]
- Merry Christmas.
- Gus. this is Emily.
Hi. Emily. Welcome.
Alexia.
Hi.
how ya doin'?
And there he is.
Hey.
[Chuckles]
I'll get your bags.
[Alexia]
I see why you chose
this place.
[Jason]
I wish I could
take the credit.
Emily said her wish was to go
horseback riding with you.
What?
Emily...
[Crying]
What? What's wrong?
She's...
She's terrified of horses.
I'm the one who loves horses.
[Alexia]
Oh. Jason.
it's so beautiful.
Thank you.
[Gus]
Well. this is what I was
tellin' you about.
Pretty. huh?
[Jason]
It's beautiful.
Hey. come here.
I wanna show you something.
Gonna be okay. sweetie?
Alexia.
there's something
I need to do.
What?
For Emily.
And now for me.
And Gus.
[Laughs]
How about that?
[Owl Hooting]
[Sighs]
[Beeps]
When I achieved my dreams.
it was like going home...
to a place
I'd never been before.
You don't know that feeling.
do you?
The first few gifts
I've given you
have been practical.
Show up. do this. do that.
And then the gifts started
needing you to provide input.
They needed intuition.
Still. your average person
is too weighted down.
Jason. you need to be free.
free to dream.
You need to come up
with a dream. then act on it.
Jason. this is the time
for you to dream.
[Owl Hooting]
[Jason]
You thinkin'
about butterflies?
[Emily]
No. Jason.
I'm looking at the stars.
You know.
I set this whole thing up...
because I thought you wanted
to go horseback riding.
not your mom.
Get real. Horses are
smelly and sweaty.
[Chuckles]
So. sweetie.
what's your dream?
If you could dream
of anything... anything...
what would your dream be?
My dream?
My dream was a perfect day.
And I'm just finishing it.
My dream was to be
with people I love.
who love each other.
that love me.
What about you. Jason?
What's your dream?
[Sighs]
I don't know.
For as long as I can remember.
all I wanted to do was have fun.
Now I don't have a clue.
It's okay.
Guys are clueless.
[Laughs]
Hey. you have to know this.
Even if you don't
have a dream of your own.
you gave me mine.
That counts
for something.
Mmm.
Of course.
Look at her.
Isn't she beautiful?
[Chattering]
I mean. except for
her choice in lipstick.
[Laughs]
But you have to admit.
even if you got nothing
else out of the deal but her.
you'd still be a huge winner.
[Laughing]
Don't blow it. Knowing you.
you're likely to do it.
[Sighs]
Merry Christmas. Jason.
Merry Christmas.
Up until now.
I have only existed.
I've. um...
I've drifted through life
day to day.
thinking that
that was enough.
And honestly. I don't know
if I have my own dream.
But I do know I can help
others fulfill theirs. I know it.
Jason. will you excuse us
for a few minutes?
Hamilton & Partners.
[Elevator Bell Dings]
We've deliberated and evaluated
whether or not your answer...
conforms with the expressed
desires of Red Stevens.
and we find
that your answer does.
Therefore. we are releasing
an amount allocated
for you at this time.
That is. uh.
$100 million to do with
whatever you please.
All of us here at the firm
want to congratulate you. Jason.
for sticking it out.
putting up with some
very harsh conditions...
and prevailing.
Congratulations. Jason.
So that's it?
[Chuckles]
Yes. I... I think so.
No. don't get me wrong.
It's not the amount.
It's. uh...
It's just-
I don't know. I was...
expecting a different
feeling or...
something.
I think that's
because now you...
are a different person.
And. uh...
And. no.
we won't cash
that check for you.
[All Laughing]
Okay. so he is the best
architect in town.
That's great.
Tell him I want
a meeting with him
first thing Monday morning.
♪♪ [Woman Singing]
And how much is that?
I want to tour that property
as soon as possible.
Oh. that's amazing.
We'll have a meeting at the bank
in. let's say. what. a month?
[Man] That would depend on how
many vehicles you were talking.
[Beeps]
I'm sorry.
Can you hold on?
Certainly.
Yeah?
[Man #2] Mr. Stevens.
a... a young lady to see you.
Great. Send her up.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
[Man #1]
Will it be a large number of-
Yeah. there are gonna be
plenty of cars.
Okay. we'll have to
look into it and let you know.
Okay. thank you.
You're welcome.
♪♪ [Continues]
[Sighs]
Oh. I like the remodel.
Where have you been?
In and out of prison.
Mmm.
Good to hear.
No visible tattoos.
I missed you.
Hmm.
- What's this?
- Oh. it's nothing.
That's a nice round number.
Somehow I don't think you'll
be having any more credit card
problems. will you?
You know. um.
you still owe me a dinner.
How could I ever forget?
I missed you.
I think I still
remember my way around.
Why don't you meet me
in a few minutes?
♪♪ [Continues]
How quaint.
Hmm.
Jason?
Where'd you go?
♪♪ [Ends]
[Exhales]
Shall I keep
the limo running.
Mr. Stevens?
Maybe not.
Ah. Mr. Hamilton. Miss Hastings.
I'm so happy you came.
Jason. what's going on?
Have a seat.
Please. I insist.
Thank you all for
joining me today. May I
direct your attention to...
[All Murmuring]
It's called Emily's Home.
It's for a dozen or more
families experiencing
extraordinary health challenges.
Now. over here
will be the homes.
They're part of
the same complex.
yet individual dwellings.
Families are gonna
be able to live together
while they face their problems.
Now. obviously. there's
gonna be plenty of parking.
Over here is gonna be
a state-of-the-art
employment center...
catering to parents.
single or married. who need
to earn some sort of income...
while their child
undergoes treatment.
Now. at this
state-of-the-art hospital...
Excuse me.
What's missing?
Oh. yeah.
A church.
a worship center.
How much is this
gonna cost?
If you look at the prospectus
in front of you. page 5.
The total initial outlay
will be $350 million.
Your part will be to underwrite
the financing and a loan
guarantee of 250 million.
I'm gonna be
putting up the first
100 million of my own money.
Mr. Stevens. this is all well
and fine. We did business with
your grandfather for many years.
Excuse me. I'm sorry
for interrupting. but I didn't
phrase this as a question.
You are gonna do this.
You made this much off my
grandfather in a typical year.
- [Cell Phone Rings]
- And. gentlemen.
this project has...
the full resources of the
Hamilton law firm backing it.
Yes? Oh. I...
Pro bono. as I'm sure
you will be too.
Wrap up the details for me.
will you. Hamilton?
- My pleasure.
- Thank you all. I appreciate it.
[All Murmuring]
Hey! Whoa!
Come on. come on.
come on. come on!
[Alexia Crying]
[Crying Continues]
[Sniffles]
She wanted me to be there.
It was so important to her.
Jason. Alexia.
as mayor of Charlotte.
it is my extreme honor
and privilege to preside over...
the ground breaking
for Emily's Home.
But it is also a sad day.
in that the namesake
and the inspiration
for this incredible project...
is not here with us today.
But her spirit
will always be with us all.
Jason. Alexia.
[Indistinct]
[Mayor]
Thank you very much.
[Chattering]
[Jason] Thanks.
I am so proud of the man
you've become.
Thanks in great part to you.
Meet me at my office as soon
as possible. will you?
I have one more matter
I need to discuss.
Of course.
We understand you went
outside the boundaries
of our instructions...
with one of those gifts.
What?
Don't "what" me.
You know what
I'm talking about.
Miss Hastings. will you. uh.
dismiss everyone. please?
Oh. Yes. sir.
[Door Closes]
[Man]
Over the course
of several days.
this investigator
personally witnessed
and recorded the subject...
as he committed various
misdemeanor infractions
for which he was never cited.
Nevertheless. illegal
activities did occur.
Panhandling.
bordering on assault.
stealing private property.
resale of stolen items.
street vending
without a permit.
jaywalking.
It is the opinion
of this investigator that
the subject is a reprobate...
and not capable of completing
the 12 gifts laid out
in Red Stevens's will.
[Hamilton]
That's enough. Miss Hastings.
[Hastings]
My pleasure. Mr. Hamilton.
Jason. if you made it this far.
he had one final message.
[Red]
Jason.
Yeah?
You gave away
the $100 million?
All of it?
Yeah. so what?
Well. if you're
standing here now.
it means that
not only have you succeeded
in receiving all of my gifts.
but have done so beyond
the boundaries that I have set.
I guess that means
that I have succeeded as well.
What I could not
accomplish in life.
I have done in death.
As long as you are
still alive. I will be too.
I love you. Son.
I love you too.
Good-bye. Jason.
"As executor of the estate
of Red Stevens.
"I hereby execute
and otherwise assign...
"complete and controlling
interest to Jason Stevens...
"the balance of Red's estate.
"including all holdings.
investment portfolio...
"and offshore interests.
totaling in excess
of two billion dollars."
Depending on OPEC prices
and foreign currency
fluctuations. of course.
[Red's Voice]
I need a lawyer for a few
business ideas I have.
a few still
in the dream stage.
[Hamilton's Voice]
When would you
like to meet?
[Red's Voice]
Meet? Hell. you're hired.
[Hamilton's Voice]
Sir. are you sure you
wouldn't like to meet first?
[Red's Voice]
You were at the top of your
law class. were you not?
[Hamilton's Voice] Yes. sir.
[Red's Voice]
Then you're my lawyer.
Now let's get on with it.
We got a world to conquer.
Do you think I'm old.
Miss Hastings?
Mm-mmm.
Well. I think
it's about time I retire
from this law firm.
Whatever will you do.
Mr. Hamilton?
Go to work
with Jason Stevens.
[Chuckles]
Change the world.
Mmm.
[Footsteps Approaching]
Hi.
[Woman]
♪ Somethin' changed inside me ♪
♪ Broke wide open
all spilled out ♪
♪ Till I had no doubt ♪
♪ That somethin' changed ♪
Thank you.
♪ Never would have believed it ♪
♪ Till I felt it
in my own heart ♪
♪ In the deepest part ♪
♪ The healing came ♪
♪♪ [Vocalizing]
♪ And I cannot make it ♪
♪ And I cannot fake it ♪
♪ And I can't afford it
But it's mine ♪
So I want
to give you a gift-
a series of gifts
leading up to. well.
I wanna call it
"the ultimate gift."
Now. you fail in any way.
it's over. You get nothing.
♪ When the walls fall down ♪
♪ And the light comes in ♪
You know. you do any work
like you just did.
you can do anything.
♪ And I cannot make it ♪
♪ And I cannot fake it ♪
♪ And I can't afford it
But it's mine ♪
Now. aren't you
forgettin' something?
- I don't think so. Shoot.
- The gift.
The gift of work.
- Wow.
- Congratulations.
The charge card company
declined the charge.
That's impossible.
I don't have a credit limit.
Just run it through again.
It's always our practice
to run it through again.
but they declined.
♪ And I cannot make it ♪
♪ And I cannot fake it ♪
I need a friend.
You expect this friendship
to continue?
I plan on knowing Jason
for the rest of my life.
♪ And I cannot make it ♪
♪ And I cannot fake it ♪
Do... Do you truly
know how to learn?
Villagers wait for books.
You bring them new books.
They are waiting for you
to pick up old books.
Exchange. Library.
¿Sí?
♪ Thank you. Lord ♪
[Exhales]
♪ Thank you. Lord
Thank you. Lord ♪
Well. you don't begin to live
until you've lost everything.
Wait! Wait!
That's an $8.000 paint job!
[Groans]
Heck. I've lost everything
three or four times.
It's the perfect
place to start.
♪ Somethin' changed
inside me ♪
♪ Broke wide open
all spilled out ♪♪
And Emily... she's...
She's the best decision
I ever made.
What's gonna
happen to my mom?
I really don't hate her.
you know.
[Crying]
[Sniffles]
[Man]
♪ If I had a legacy ♪
♪ There's something
I'd like ♪
[All Laughing]
- Salud.
[All]
ISalud!
Salud.
[Laughing]
♪ Never did I fear♪
Jason. you need to be free.
free to dream.
You need to come up
with a dream. then act on it.
And honestly. I don't know
if I have my own dream.
But I do know I can help others
fulfill theirs.
♪ A piece of the gifts
you gave to me ♪
Uh. I do have to
give away some money.
You're getting
less mysterious by the minute.
She owes $1.600
in back rent.
Pay it.
You're a hundred
dollars short.
Tell Hamilton I'm good for it.
Just pay that bill.
♪ This will be
my legacy♪
♪ Be my legacy ♪
So. apparently.
someone came by
and covered my back rent.
Was it you?
Thank you.
♪ Much more than
we'll ever know ♪
♪ If you had a legacy ♪
What would
your dream be?
My dream?
My dream was
a perfect day.
♪ What are the gifts
you'll leave behind ♪
And I'm just
finishing it.
♪ It's right inside
your dreams ♪
♪ It's your legacy
It's your legacy ♪
- I love you. Son.
- I love you too.
Good-bye. Jason.
[Echoing]
♪ Your legacy
Your legacy ♪
♪ And it's right inside
your dreams ♪
♪ On the page
you gave to me ♪
♪ It's right inside
your dreams ♪
♪ It's the gift
you gave to me ♪
♪ Your legacy
Your legacy ♪
♪ Your legacy ♪
♪ It's right
inside your dreams ♪
♪ It's the gift you
gave to me ♪
♪ It's the gift
you gave to me ♪
♪ The gift ♪
♪ Your legacy ♪
♪ The gift
you gave to me ♪
♪ Is your legacy ♪
♪ Your legacy ♪♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm